<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>8 Just for remind you</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-just-for-remind-you"><span class="section-number">8 </span>Just for remind you</h2>

<p>I wanted to remind you of the different topics of this document.</p>

<ol class="numeric"><li><strong>DON’T TRUST THE BUTTON</strong> means the interface is just the translator</li>
  <li><strong>THINK USER</strong> means the core of your interface project is the user for whom you make it</li>
  <li><strong>THE STUPID BOX AND THE SMART COMPUTER</strong>
means your computer have to be smarter than your box</li>
  <li><strong>HACK PROTOCOLS</strong> means you would do best to avoid reinventing the wheel</li>
  <li><strong>BE MINIMAL</strong> means you would do better to avoid the race to the most</li>
  <li><strong>CUTENESS IS NICE, BUT YOU NEED MORE</strong> means you’d better be wider than iPAD.</li>
</ol><p>Throughout this pdf, I hope you have realized and figured out a lot of concepts and new ideas.</p>

<p>I picked a fight a bit with some interface builders I could quote here. But, I already had discussions with them, so they know what I think about their stuff.</p>

<p>I wanted to offer you my opinion, today, in the early of 2011 about interface design. I wanted to tell you: “YES, YOU CAN”</p>

<p>Don’t believe others who say, “Wow! It’s too difficult” or “a lot of people already made that”.</p>

<p>YOU are your best power, yourself !</p>

<p>YOU can make and build things without waiting for others to build something less for you.</p>

<p>The future is YOURS. Don’t let them make it for you !!</p>

<p>
  <strong>So, make it, and make it now !</strong>
</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
