<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>7 Cutiness is nice, you need more</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-cutiness-is-nice-you-need-more"><span class="section-number">7 </span>Cutiness is nice, you need more</h2>

<p>
  <strong>Or how not dive blindly in this multitouch’s world? Today, new tangible interfaces are available in every part of your house.</strong>
</p>

<p>From your phone to your tablet, you can directly drag/ grab displayed objects. Of course, this technology
has been hacked, tested, used very early by those impassioned g33ks in order to make them fit well with their needs (customized/personalized solutions).</p>

<p>And the big error came with the 2D gestures, very often poorly implemented because they are used
to replace everything else. We used to see new technology replacing the old ; here old would be 3 to 4 years only.</p>

<p>All these interfaces, even haptic are nice, handsome too, but not enough yet, and probably not enough in the future.</p>

<p>Why? We’re in a 3D world! We need 3D interface and we need to « reach out and touch something. » (This is a slogan I quote from AT&amp;T used for humor.)</p>

<p>If I want to push a button, I have to make a vertical movement. Ok, it can be made. If I want to push a fader, it can be made too, even with no haptic feelings.</p>

<p>But we ALL need knobs. I’m not sure this need will end in the next few years, and knobs are just simulated with those multitouch systems.</p>

<p>The 2D interface gives a limit here if it is used alone. I’m not the only one with this problem.</p>

<p>A lot of designers working in the audio\studio field work on it, and have just began to include real knobs on screen (ie., the screen surface is drilled and fixed knobs are included in order to display knobs information around them).</p>

<p>This is the proof that users need more.</p>

<p>So you have to think about that and even if you want to include a multitouch screen in your design, don’t forget all of that!
. . . and please, (and this could be the last word before the big conclusion: ) you’ll need more than an unreliable WIFI connection!</p>

<p>This message is put here, and not in some other place because it talks about the tablet.</p>

<p>So please, hack it and use OSC messages, but do so inside a wire, with a cable connected. You’ll thank me for sure after some gigs on stage in various conditions.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
